                                      Instructions

I. Getting Started
     - Creating a character
          The first step in playing Winter Wars is creating
          a character. Selecting the “New Game” button from
          the Menu Bar on the bottom of the window will
          bring the user to a new screen that will greet the 
          user and ask for a name. Any entry longer than 8
          characters will be shortened to fit into the
          character display.
          
          Next, the user will be asked to select a character
          type. Character types are built around the 3 main
          stats useful to play Winter Wars.
          1. Health:   Determines how much damage a player
                       can take before being knocked out
          2. Strength: Determines how much power your
                       attacks have
          3. Speed:    Determines how quickly a Player moves
                       in relation to the other combatants.
                       (A Player with higher speed will
                       always move before a slower Player.
                       Players with equal speeds will be
                       decided by chance.

          There are 4 types of characters to choose from:
          1. Strong:   More power but slower to act 
                       Health: 2, Strength: 3, Speed: 1
          2. Fast:     Quicker to act but easy to beat
                       Health: 1, Strength: 2, Speed: 3
          3. Sturdy:   Can take more damage but hit softly
                       Health: 3, Strength: 1, Speed: 2
          4. Balanced: Equally balances the 3 stats
                       Health: 2, Strength: 2, Speed: 2 

          Lastly in creating your character, the display
          will show the character information and ask for
          confirmation to proceed.

     - Choosing teams
          After creating a character, the user must decide
          how many enemies will be faced from 1 - 3.
          Enemies will be generated at random between
          the 4 player types so matches will differ from
          each other.

          Likewise, the user will pick from 0 - 2 random
          allies to be on their team.

          Once the teams are set, the battle will commence.

     - Saving/Loading
          Saving a game is performed in-game by clicking
          the “Save” button on the eastern border of the 
          screen. The current game state will be suspended
          for later play.

          Loading a saved game is performed by clicking the
          “Load Game” button on the Menu Bar on the 
          bottom of the window. This will open a new screen
          that lists the save files present. The user can
          type in the name of the file they which to load
          and then click the “Submit” button. This will
          resume a previous game save.

II. Battle Actions
     - Moving
          In game, a player can either ADVANCE or 
          RETREAT by clicking the “Move” button.
          In the forward position, there is a better chance
          of successfully attacking your enemies but
          also a greater chance to be hit in return.

     - Rolling
          In order to attack an enemy, a player must first
          roll a snowball and add it to their ammo store.
          This is done by clicking the “Roll” button. Up to
          3 snowballs can be held at one time.

     - Throwing
          Having ammo, a player can then attack their
          enemies by clicking the “Throw” button and then
          clicking on the intended target. Targets that are
          farther away have a greater chance to miss. If the
          attack is successful, the target will lose health
          points equal to the attacker’s strength stat.

     - Building
          One way for a player to protect themselves is to
          build up a wall of snow by clicking the “Build
          Wall” button. This will add a wall object in front
          of the player’s position. If there is already a
          wall in front of the player, the wall’s health
          will be increased by 1 up to 3 health points. Once
          built, walls will take damage instead of the
          players behind them.

III. Winning/Losing/Exiting
      - Winning/Losing
          Players will perform battle actions until either
          all enemies are defeated or the user is defeated.
          Completing one of these conditions will end the
          game and present a screen with the corresponding
          result.

      - Exiting Game
          To leave the game, at any time, users may click
          the “Exit” button on the Menu Bar on the bottom of
          the window. Otherwise, a user may click the “Quit”
          button during a battle to exit out.

